[grunting]
[panting]
[announcer] Tsubasa runs
towards the opponent's goal
- at full speed.
-Huh?
[growl]
Tsubasa...
[gasps]
[panting]
You have to visualize
the goal in your head, kid.
[Tsubasa]
Roberto!
Wakabayashi!
Misaki!
This is my Drive Shot!
[eagle screech]
I will not lose!
[narrator] Episode 42:
Phoenix Tsubasa!
[announcer]
Tsubasa stops running
and winds up to shoot
from the midfield.
- No one knows
-[gasp]
what he's trying to do.
[yell]
What do you have in mind,
Tsubasa?
Did he hit himself
on the head?
No one can score
from that far away.
I think he just might--
Do you think it'll work,
Tsubasa?
You haven't
perfected it yet.
We can't lose!
[announcer] The shot leaves
the ground
and heads toward
the top of the goal.
[gasp]
Be careful.
Calm down, Akira.
The ball is going too high
to be a problem.
That idiot just wasted
his last chance
he'll ever have to score.
-Yeah.
-[grunt]
[eagle screech]
[gasp]
But how--?
[announcer] Goal!
What a goal!
I really scored.
[pant]
I really did it.
-He did it.
-That was incredible, man.
You did it, Tsubasa.
-Yeah!
-All right, Tsubasa!
-Yeah, Tsubasa!
-Well done!
He was finally
able to do it.
That's Tsubasa's Drive Shot!
Just what is a Drive Shot?!
-Uhh...
Yeah!
Great shot, Tsubasa!
You can do it!
All right!
-We're one step closer.
-Yeah.
What an awesome goal,
Tsubasa.
That was awesome!
-He did it!
-He scored a goal!
What a relief.
[cheering]
[Hiroshi]
No, this can't be.
That shot was
just like a fluke,
a mistake, that's all.
-[gasps]
-[announcer]
This is
the first time
Hirado's been scored on
during this tournament,
on the 31st minute
of the match.
-[gasp]
-I can't believe
what I just saw.
The ball...
At the end,
it changed its trajectory.
That trajectory
wasn't random.
It fell at an angle.
The shot's precision
is the cause
behind the ball's spin.
Tsubasa...
-[Katagiri] Tsubasa's
-[eagle screech]
Drive Shot...
it's exactly the same
as an eagle.
It dives down
to hunt its prey.
After so many attempts...
he finally managed to
kick the shot correctly.
He didn't cave under
the match's pressure.
And above all,
he was cool headed enough
to shoot.
Despite his shoulder injury,
he was reborn
from the ashes,
just like the wings
of a phoenix.
What a goal.
That's how it's done,
Tsubasa.
That was just...
incredible, Tsubasa.
[announcer]
Nankatsu has the ball.
With this first goal,
the whole team seems to have
- regained their confidence.
-[panting]
[grunt]
[announcer] Sano from
Team Hirado
- intercepts the pass.
-[laugh]
Huh?
[gasp]
[yell]
This can't be!
[announcer] Tsubasa distracted
Sano and he loses the ball.
[grunt]
Tsubasa!
[announcer] Now the ball
is in possession
of Nankatsu's captain.
[grunt]
[yell]
[announcer]
Tsubasa once again
- kicks an elevated shot.
-[eagle screech]
-What in the world?!
-[grunt]
What's going on?
[announcer] And the ball
hits the net.
The goalkeeper
just stood in awe.
Tsubasa's done it again.
It was another Drive Shot!
I'm such a fan,
Tsubasa.
[pant]
[wince]
We just need two more goals.
[announcer]
In just three minutes,
Tsubasa's Drive Shot
has helped him to score
- two goals for his team.
-[laugh]
There's no doubt that
- our beloved Tsubasa Ozora,
-[growling]
truly is an amazing
star of soccer.
[Tsubasa]
Two more.
I don't care
if I can't use
my legs or my shoulder
afterwards.
I will score,
no matter what.
[Jun] I expect no less
from you, Tsubasa.
You were able to find
your Drive Shot.
You never cease
to impress me.
I really can't believe it.
You've grown so much
these past two years.
[Kojiro]
Congratulations, Tsubasa.
You were able to learn
a powerful and precise shot.
But don't get cocky,
because you aren't
the only one
in this tournament
who has a special move.
I'm so excited.
I'm anxious to see how
Tsubasa Ozora fairs
-against the Tiger Shot
-Huh?
from the famous
Kojiro Hyuga.
What?
Yeah,
that's the name I gave it.
I saw the shot you kicked
in your first match.
That shot's raw strength
reminded me of
a ferocious tiger.
The Tiger Shot, huh?
It's quite a fitting name
for it, right?
Oh... How rude of me.
I'm sorry.
I'm Tajima, a reporter
from Toto Sports.
It's a pleasure, Hyuga.
Huh?
[Nozaki]
Tsubasa's miraculous shot.
I've got my headline.
Now I just need
for Nankatsu
to win the match,
so I can use it.
Don't let me down, Tsubasa.
-Huh?
[announcer] Now that they're
leading by just one goal,
the captain and
central defender
from Team Hirado
comes to the front.
Prepare yourselves.
[grunt]
[whistle]
[announcer] And the match
resumes.
Sano leaves the ball to Jito
and advventures
towards the goal.
He's all mine.
Get a load of this.
What?!
[announcer] And Jito
doesn't move an inch.
[gasps]
He's very strong.
[announcer]
Sano keeps running ahead.
-Hey, wait!
-[grunt]
[grunts]
[announcer] And he's found
an opening
- through the defense.
-[gasps]
[panting]
That's right, Mitsuru.
We're going to show them
that our teamwork
is invincible.
Pay attention!
[announcer]
Jito kicks
- a long pass.
-[Hiroshi] [yell]
Not if I can help it.
[yell]
[groan]
[announcer] But it's intercepted
by Izawa.
Impossible.
-Mamoru!
[groan]
Here!
We can't waste
Mamoru's efforts.
We have to stop him
from scoring.
Let's see you
trying to cover this.
[yell]
Watch out, Morisaki,
the ball is going to
bounce back
when it touches the ground.
What did you say?
Understood, my captain.
You guys heard Tsubasa.
Man mark Sano.
Yeah!
[announcer] The ball touches
the ground and bounces back.
It's useless.
No one can stop us.
You'd better
get out the way.
[yells]
-[yell]
-[grunts]
[announcer] The ball is in
the hands of the goalie,
- Morisaki.
-What in the world?
Good job, Morisaki.
Impossible.
You've gotta be joking.
What happened, big fella?
I thought you were
invincible.
-You guys are done for now.
-Huh?
[announcer] What an excellent
save from the goalkeeper.
Captain!
Damn it all!
[grunt]
[announcer] It's a direct pass
to Nankatsu's number 10.
[grunt]
[announcer] It looks like
Tsubasa will attempt
the Drive Shot again.
I won't let you shoot
that ball.
[announcer] But Jito runs
to block the shot.
Here we go!
[announcer] There's blood
- on the pitch.
-[gasps]
[announcer] The ball goes out.
It'll be a throw-in.
Jito!
[announcer] Hiroshi Jito stopped
Tsubasa's shot by putting
- his head in the way.
-[whistle]
Now the referee has
stopped the match.
[groan]
Are you okay, Jito?
Captain!
[scoff]
Just when I thought
it'd be a boring match,
you managed to surprise me.
-[gasp]
-I'm getting excited.
In all the street fights
I've been in,
I've never bled like this,
Captain.
Your Drive Shot is
extremely powerful, kid.
That's what I wanted to
go up against, Tsubasa.
[gasp]
You don't know how long
I've been patiently waiting
for this moment.
The stronger the opponent
in front of me becomes,
the more I yearn
to defeat him in battle.
Huh?
[grunt]
Don't get too cocky,
Tsubasa.
Uhh...
The battle...
has only just begun.
[announcer] The throw-in
resumes the match.
Here it comes!
Everyone, pay attention.
I'm sure
he's going to throw it
towards the penalty area.
We have to try
to do something
from the danger zone,
you guys.
-Yeah!
It doesn't matter
who shoots.
They won't be able to
beat me.
[yell]
[grunt]
-What?
-[laugh]
Fell for it.
It's yours, Tsubasa.
[yell]
[announcer] The ball's
headed to Tsubasa.
Nankatsu's players
were able to
completely fool
Team Hirado.
[grunt]
Tsubasa.
[yelling]
If we're able to stop
his Drive Shot on time,
they won't have anything
to attack us with.
[announcer]
Sano runs to stop him,
but Tsubasa completely
ignores him.
His gaze is focused
solely on the shot.
[Tsubasa]
I will score.
You won't stop me.
[yell]
-[groan]
-[announcer]
Sano takes the shot
with his body.
[gasps]
Sano!
The ball is still in play.
[announcer] Tsubasa recovers
the ball.
[gasp]
[announcer] Tsubasa
doesn't plan to let
this opportunity
to score again slip away.
I won't let you shoot!
[announcer] Once again,
he winds up
for the Drive Shot.
[grunt]
No, Tsubasa!
If you kick that shot
one more time, you could--
[grunt]
[narrator]
And we're back!
[announcer] Once again,
Tsubasa attempts
his Drive Shot.
[yell]
-[yell]
-[announcer]
But Jito stands
in front of him like a wall.
[yell]
[grunt]
-[scream]
-[announcer]
Jito receives
the full blow with his body.
This player's resilience
is incredible.
[scream]
[groan]
[announcer] He's able to block
the shot.
What a way to defend,
ladies and gentlemen.
Oh, but wait, Tsubasa
runs to recover the ball.
[Tsubasa]
Not yet.
I have to make the shot,
no matter what happens.
- I'll show them that
-[groan]
the shot
Roberto showed me...
- is invincible.
-[groan]
-[grunt]
-[yell]
[announcer]
There it is again.
Tsubasa has his mind
set on scoring.
[yelling]
Tsubasa, you won't be able
to get past me.
-[yell]
-[grunt]
[announcer] Jito takes
the full impact
with his body once more.
[narrator] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[groaning]
[announcer] His resilience
is out of this world.
[groaning]
[announcer]
And he stops the shot.
-[gasps]
-What happened?
-[announcer] No, wait a moment.
-[panting]
This is unheard of!
[groaning]
[announcer] It...
It's a goal.
- And Nankatsu's able to
-[groan]
tie the scoreboard.
The power of the shot
dragged Jito
into the inner side
of the goal.
[cheering]
-Great work out there,
-Tsubasa!
[cheering]
[groan] This can't
be happening.
[announcer]
With this feat,
Team Nankatsu
and Team Hirado
are completely even.
There's no doubt that
Nankatsu's captain
is truly a prodigy
of the sport.
Tsubasa gets a hat trick!
We just need one more goal.
I'll score,
and we will win this.
[groan]
-Tsubasa!
-No!
Tsubasa!
-[announcer] Tsubasa falls flat
-Tsubasa!
- flat on the ground.
It looks like
that last shot
required too much effort
on his part.
Just one more goal.
We need one more goal.
We need one more goal
and that's it.
Damn it all.
They were able to tie.
But the match
is not over yet.
-Tsubasa...
Just one more goal.
Tsubasa!
Forgive me, everyone.
It's...
[grunt] It's humiliating
that you see me this way.
I am the captain,
yet I can't stand
on my own two feet.
Uh, hey, what the hell
-are you talking about?
-[panting]
Why're you putting
yourself down?
It's normal for you
to be exhausted.
Yeah, Tsubasa.
You need to get some rest.
You know we can
defend the score.
You don't have to
worry about us.
We have enough time
to score again.
Don't give up.
You can trust in your team,
Captain.
Yeah.
Thank you so much, everyone.
-[pant]
-Mhm.
[Mitsuru]
What're you waiting for,
-Nankatsu?
-Huh?
The match is far from over.
-Oh...
[Hiroshi]
Sano...
Those last two shots...
They made my body shake down
to the bone from excitement.
[announcer] Now it's Hirado's
turn to attack.
They'll try to turn
things around.
Everyone's waiting on
the referee's whistle.
[Mitsuru] I'll score if it's
the last thing I do.
[whistle]
[Mitsuru]
Get ready, Nankatsu.
You'll see my true self.
I'm Hirado's center forward.
You can do it, Hirado!
We have to win this!
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
[announcer] Hirado's forward
is able to fool
Kisugi and Taki.
They're too exhausted
- to help their team defend.
-[panting]
And Tsubasa as well.
He barely has
any strength.
Batting an eye
might be too much to ask.
Well, I still have strength
in me.
[announcer] Izawa gets closer
to block Sano.
[wince]
[grunts]
[announcer] But it looks like
Izawa's having problems
of his own.
[grunt]
[yell]
-[announcer] And Ishizaki
-But how?
sees an opening
to steal the ball.
[chuckles]
I'm feeling just fine by
the looks of it, you guys.
Let's go after him.
We can attack just as well
as Sano and Jito can.
And we have all our energy
saved up for it.
[gasp]
-What?
-[announcer]
And Ishizaki
loses the ball.
Everyone...
It's all thanks to you,
Jito.
Huh?
Getting to see you
play soccer
seriously on the pitch,
inspired everyone to play
until the very end.
We won't give up until
we've defeated Nankatsu.
Now you understand
how beautiful this sport is,
don't you, captain?
That's right.
It's incredible.
[announcer] We're minutes away
from the end of the match.
The next goal
- will decide the winner.
-[grunts]
-[Hiroshi] I'm open!
-Huh?
[yelling]
[announcer]
Jito runs at full speed.
There's five minutes
on the clock
- and Jito has the ball.
-[yelling]
[panting]
[announcer] The crosspass
is too high.
Now it's my turn.
[gasps]
[announcer] Sano jumps
to shoot an Overhead Kick.
But Tsubasa interferes
with the play.
Thank you, Tsubasa.
[grunt]
[announcer] And the goalie
Morisaki gets the ball.
Hirado's opportunity
is gone.
[grunts]
[grunt]
I'm alone, Morisaki.
-Pass it here!
-Oh!
It's yours!
[announcer] The goalkeeper
passes to his captain.
Not again.
[growl]
Go back!
[announcer] This is
the last opportunity
for Team Nankatsu
to score.
Go ahead, Tsubasa.
There's no time left.
You have to score right now!
[pant]
Just one more.
If I score one more goal,
we will win.
I can't take a break.
I have to go and
score the last goal.
[announcer] The speed at which
Tsubasa's running
is incredibly impressive.
There's no doubt in mind
that this young man
was born to play soccer.
Go ahead, Tsubasa!
[announcer] Tsubasa runs
like a meteor,
and Team Hirado
- can't seem to stop him.
-[gasps]
[Tsubasa]
I'm going to do it.
I will score!
[Hiroshi]
Tsubasa, you are incredible.
You're trying to score
in spite of your shoulder
and leg injury.
I'd be an insult to you
if I didn't defend you
with all the strength
I've got left.
This will be our last duel.
[Tsubasa] Everyone,
I won't disappoint you.
I will score, and I will
get to the semifinals!
[Mitsuru]
I won't allow you.
[grunts]
[grunt]
[gasp]
How much strength
does he have?
[grunt]
Take your shot, Tsubasa.
[yell]
[wince]
[groan]
[announcer]
W-What happened?
Tsubasa lost his balance.
-[gasp]
-Tsubasa!
-This can't be!
-No!
No...
I just...
I just can't...move.
Good, you ran out of steam.
[groan]
-[Genzo] Tsubasa!
-[Taro]
Tsubasa!
You don't have to
play by yourself.
[Genzo]
Did you forget?
Soccer is a team sport.
There are eleven players.
[Tsubasa]
Misaki, Wakabayashi...
[Roberto] Listen,
don't you forget, Tsubasa,
a captain has trust
in his team.
Roberto, I...
[gasp]
[grunts]
Tsubasa...
I'm counting on my team,
you guys.
Let's go, Taki.
Tsubasa is counting on us.
Yeah, let's go score a goal
no matter what happens,
Teppei.
This will be as easy as pie,
Kazuaki.
Just like stealing candy
from a baby.
If you underestimate us.
You'll regret it later.
Now's the time, Teppei.
Yeah.
[announcer] Kisugi and Taki
perform a beautiful
one-two pass.
What an excellent
combination of teamwork.
Yeah, that's obvious.
We've been playing together
since elementary school
and know each other
inside out.
That's right.
Tsubasa and Misaki
were the golden duo.
But don't forget it...
We made Shutetsu famous.
I'll have to send you both
flying again.
Not this time, you big oaf.
-[grunt]
-What?!
-Huh?
I'm Teppei Kisugi,
Shutetsu's top striker.
And now,
Nankatsu's top striker!
[announcer] And the ball
hits the net!
-What a nice shot, Teppei!
-[cheering]
-We did it!
-Oh yeah!
-[laugh] Yeah!
-Amazing job.
Incredible...
[announcer] Nankatsu scores
their fourth goal
at the last second.
But this time,
it was thanks to
the ultimate forward duo,
formed by Kisugi and Taki.
Yeah.
Soccer is a sport that
requires 11 players...
and also trust.
Kisugi...
Taki...
Thank you so much!
[cheering]
All right!
We did it!
Great work!
You did amazing, Tsubasa.
There's no one like you
in the whole world.
Hey, Kumi,
you did see that Kisugi
scored the winning goal
with Taki's help, right?
-Don't get too happy.
-[sigh]
There's still time
on the clock.
[cheering]
-You can do it, Nankatsu!
[whistle]
[announcer] And it's over,
everybody!
Nankatsu wins 4 to 3
and will be playing
in the semifinals
for their third
consecutive time.
Two more victories
and they'll get
the triple championship
this very year.
We won...
I knew that they could win.
Yeah.
Congratulations, Tsubasa.
You managed to win, Tsubasa!
Now that you've fully
mastered the Drive Shot,
you're practically
invincible.
Great work out there,
Tsubasa.
-[sobbing]
-[announcer]
Despite their defeat,
Team Hirado
has shown to be
a splendidly
resilient team.
They kept Team Nankatsu
under pressure,
but thanks to
Tsubasa's special shot,
they were able to
turn things around.
-[laughing]
-[announcer]
Today,
we had an excellent match
in which both teams
played
in a formidable manner.
They were able to win.
In the end, it was thanks
to their teamwork.
I'll be waiting for you
on the pitch, Tsubasa.
[grunt]
No, no, no!
No!
-I never...expected this.
-[sobbing]
Football is
an exciting sport.
Now I realize
its true beauty.
[sobbing]
Get up, Sano.
Captain...
You shouldn't cry.
We still have
another year to go.
We'll train harder
than ever,
and we'll win
the next tournament.
-Believe me.
-Yeah.
[cheering]
Tsubasa Ozora...
Now thanks to you...
[chuckles]
...I've fallen in love
with soccer.
I'll keep on practicing
and challenge you
again someday.
[Yukari] He finally found
his passion.
You played really well,
cousin.
Yeah.
Mhm.
[narrator] Only one team
takes the victory.
The other must go home.
And now, after these
very exciting matches
between the 47 teams
that signed up,
we have the last four
taking part
in the tournament's
semifinals.
Team Nankatsu,
representing
the Shizuoka prefecture
and double champion of
the National Tournament...
Team Furano,
representing Hokkaido...
Team Meiwa,
representing Saitama...
And Team Toho Academy,
representing Tokyo.
The next two matches
will determine
what teams
face each other
in the finals of
this championship.